.\"	PROTOTYPE MANUAL ENTRY
.\"	Delete these comment lines and change <.*> as needed.
.\"	See man(7) for a listing of nroff/troff macros.
.\"	See /usr/man/man1/???.1i for examples.
.\"	See $UW_VLSI_TOOLS/man/man1/*.1i for examples.
.\"
.\"	All text following a \" is treated as a comment.
.\"	These may be deleted.
.\"
.\"	Make SURE the .TH command is the very first line of any
.\"	man file you create!
.\"
.TH <commandName> <manSection> <releaseDate>
.\"	The manSection, if originated with us, should have ".VLSI"
.\"	appended, e.g. "1.VLSI" for ordinary section 1 pages, or
.\"	"1G.VLSI" for generator man pages.

.SH NAME
<commandName> \- <abstract>
.\"
.\"	The abstract should be VERY brief (one line).

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B <commandName>
.RB [ <options> ]
.I <arguments>
.\"
.\"	If options exist, <options> should be:	\-xyz

.SH DESCRIPTION
.\"
.\"	Italicize occurances of the command being described and any
.\"	other command that has manuals in existance.
.\"
.\"	Italicize occurances of arguments to the command being described.
.\"
.\"	Boldface occurances of file extensions (.xyz), options (\-x)
.\"	and other similar entities.
.\"
.\"	Use  .LP  for new paragraphs.
.\"
.\"	Use  .IP  for option, parameter, etc. descriptions
.\"

.SH FILES
.\"
.\"	List the files used and produced by the program here.
.\"	Use  .br  to separate them.
.\"
.\"	If there is some basename that is a part of the filename,
.\"	use the  .RI  or  .IR  to put the basename in Italics:
.\"
.\"		.RI path/ basename .xyz
.\"		.IR basename .xyz
.\"
.\"	This causes alternate arguments to be Roman or Italics, and
.\"	concatenates them together.
.\"

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.\"
.\" <related commands>
.\" .br
.\" <related documentation>
.\"

.SH AUTHOR
.\" DingleFritz FluffDuffer (XYZ, Inc.)
.\"
.\"	If the author is unknown but the company or university is,
.\"	put that in parentheses:
.\"
.\" (Northwest Laboratory of Integrated Systems, University of Washington)
.\"

.SH MODIFICATIONS
.\"
.\"	Same as for AUTHOR.
.\"

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\"
.\"	Error messages, exit codes, etc.
.\"

.SH BUGS
.\"
.\"	Bugs in the algorithm, bugs in the user interface,
.\"	shortcomings of all shapes and sizes, etc.
.\"
